---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: Men's Workshop February 2020
date: 2020-01-27
event_date: 2020-02-29
published: true
description: Men's Workshop February 2020
cover_image: /assets/img/post-humility-cover-unsplash.jpg
categories: [men's work, workshop, events, group]
layouttype: markdown
---


What does it mean to be a man today?

Such a long conversation to have with ourselves and other men. That is why the Men’s Group Singapore exists in the first place.
A man is first and foremost connected to himself, he is in connection to nature, to the feminine and to other men.

This event is offered as an invitation to an experience. It’s an invitation to open a doorway and enter Men’s work. This work isn’t about “easy”, “good” and “cool”. It’s not about happiness, appearances, performance, and money.
It’s about being authentic, growing up emotionally, connecting to yourself and reclaiming integrity.
It’s not about feeling good either, it is about becoming good at feeling.

It’s about getting attuned to our own body and consciousness through practices and becoming a Warrior of the Heart.

This 5 hours workshop, exclusively for men above the age of 21, is designed to be a challenging experience between men. It is designed to expand self-awareness and connection through a set of practices and discussions.

Physical practices, mental practices, embodiment practices, sharing practices, authentic relating, pair and group practices seasoned with discussions, Q&A and surprises.


&nbsp;

— _**unique work in Singapore**_ —

&nbsp;

During the 5 hours, you will:


— _**practice with other men, there is nothing more powerful**_

— _**build presence**_

— _**Connect to yourself and get in touch with your feelings**_

— _**understanding the dynamics between feminine and masculine energy**_

— _**relate with authenticity and vulnerability**_

— _**embody different energies**_


&nbsp;



— _**Open to 14 committed men**_ (minimum of 6 pax required)

— _**Workshop date**_: Saturday 29th February 2020 - 2 pm to 7 pm

— _**Workshop Venue**_: Cluny Court, Singapore

— _**Investment**_ $SG120


All details for registration will be sent by WhatsApp upon RSVP here: <a href="https://www.meetup.com/The-Mens-Group-Singapore/events/268234224/" class="uppercase font-semibold tracking-wide mb-2" target="_blank">Men's Group Singapore Meetup</a>



_**Note**_:
Bring water bottle, towel, notebook and pen, your favourite meditation cushion if you have, comfy clothes.
